{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Delicata squash and roasted mushrooms with thyme\
source: Epicurious \
cooked: October 29, 2016\
\
Yield: 6 servings\
Active time: 25 min\
Total time: 1 hr\
\
Ingredients:\
- 6 Tbsp olive oil\
- 1 Tbsp chopped fresh thyme\
- 3/4 tsp salt\
- 1/2 tsp black pepper\
- 2 lb delicate squash, halved lengthwise, seeded, and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch width slices\
- 2 lb mushrooms (mixture, combo of whatever), trimmed. Discard stems if using shiitakes. Halve or quarter mushrooms, depending on size.\
\
Preparation:\
- Pre-head oven to 375 degrees F.\
1. Stir together oil, thyme, salt and pepper. Toss squash with 2 Tbsp thyme-flavored oil in a shallow baking pan. Arrange into a single layer.\
2. Toss mushrooms with remaining thyme-oil mixture in another shallow baking pan and arrange in a single layer.\
3. Roast squash and mushrooms, stirring occasionally (if needed) and switching position of pans 1/2-way through roasting, until squash is tender and liquid from mushrooms has evaporated (typically 25-30 mins).\
\
\
LFS comments: This is an amazing and really simple recipe. I\'92ve never cooked with delicata squash before but will definitely cook more with them now. My mods were, first, that I just used cremini mushrooms, and probably only 1 lb. Rather than doling out the oil mixture for the veggies, I made it in a large bowl. I then added the cut squash and tossed to coat and placed in a baking pan. Then I added the cut mushrooms to the bowl to coat and spread onto another baking pan. We served it with quinoa and it was amaze-balls. It was plenty for 2 peeps, but don\'92t expect leftovers!}